"V.-Policy in favor of agriculture and food takes into account the specifics of overseas
As well as all the economic, social and environmental challenges of these territories.She's
objective of promoting the development of overseas agricultural productions, by supporting their access to markets,
research and innovation, organization and modernization of agriculture by structuring in sectors
Competitive and sustainable organized, employment, satisfaction of local food demand by productions
local, the development of renewable energies, specific quality approaches and agriculture
family, as well as responding to the specifics of these territories in terms of animal health and plants.
"VI.- the policy in favor of agriculture and food takes into account the specificities of the territories of
mountain, in application of article 8 of law no 85-30 of January 9, 1985 relating to development and
Mountain protection.It recognizes the positive contribution of farms to the maintenance of
The space and the preservation of mountain natural environments, especially in terms of biodiversity.She contributes
the maintenance of agricultural activity in the mountains, by perpetuating the specific support systems which are
granted to fight against the wasteland in the wasteland of the pastoral space and to preserve it from the prejudices
caused by large predators.
"VII - Policy for agriculture and food takes into account the specificities of the areas
wet, in application of article L. 211-1 of the environment code.
" Art.L. 2. - The policy of maritime peaches, aquaculture and the Halio -food activities defined at
Article L. 911-2 of this code contributes to the policy of food and the development of the regions
coastlines, by promoting the competitiveness of the sector and the marketing of quality products, in the
of a sustainable exploitation of the resource.»»
II.-After 3o of article L. 111-2 of the same code, a 3o bis is inserted in this way written:
"3o bis maintain and develop the sectors of breeding and pastoralism because of their contribution
essential for the development and development of territories;».
III.-article L. 121-1 of the forest code is thus modified:
a) After the first paragraph, eight paragraphs are inserted as well as written:
"The state watches:
"1o to the adaptation of forest species in the middle;
"2o has the optimization of carbon storage in wood and forests, wood and products made from
drink ;
"3o to maintain biological balance and diversity and the adaptation of forests to change
climate;
"4o has the regeneration of forest stands under satisfactory conditions of balance Sylvo-
hunting, within the meaning of the last paragraph of article L. 425-4 of the environment code;
"5o has the satisfaction of the needs of the wood industries, in particular by the balance of the age classes of
forest stands at the national level;
"6o to strengthen the competitiveness and sustainability of wood use sectors, by valuation
optimal national forest resources and by supporting new professions of the
drink ;
“7o to the development of territories.»;
b) The second paragraph is thus modified:
- At the start of the first sentence, the word: "She" is replaced by the words: "forestry policy";
- The third sentence is deleted.
IV.-Article 1 of Law No. 99-574 of July 9, 1999 of agricultural orientation is repealed.
V.-At the first sentence of III of article 124 of the finance law for 2002 (no 2001-1275 of December 28
2001), the words: "public funding established in article 1 of law no 99-574 of July 9, 1999 aforementioned" are
Replaced by the words: "public funding".
Title I
Economic and environmental performance
Agricultural and agro-food sectors
Article 2
I.-Article L. 611-1 of the rural and maritime fishing code is thus modified:
1o The first paragraph is thus modified:
a) After the word: "interested", the words: ", of the establishment mentioned in article L. 621-1, of
the establishment mentioned in article L. 681-3, regions ";
b) After the word: "food", the words: "and the National Mountain Council" are inserted;
October 14, 2014
Official Journal of the French Republic
Text 1 of 105